SPA QS backlinks to Dev Center (#10194)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/spa/vuejs/interactive.md

  - files/profile
---

:::note
Visit the [Vue.js Authentication By Example](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/vue/basic-authentication/) guide for a deep dive into implementing user authentication in Vue. This guide provides additional details on how to create a sign-up button, add route guards, and call a protected API from Vue.
:::

> 

Reviewer: Could we please update the warning on line `32` as follows:

```
This quickstart is designed for using [Auth0 Vue](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-vue) with Vue 3 applications. If you are using Vue 2, please check out the [Vue 2 Tutorial with Auth0 SPA SDK](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-vue/blob/main/tutorial/vue2-login.md) instead or visit the [Vue.js Authentication 2 By Example](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/vue/basic-authentication/v2-javascript) guide.
```

I am unable to comment or change that line as that is not part of the PR change :)

Reviewer 2: Done.

> For a deep dive into implementing user authentication in Vue, visit the [Vue.js Authentication By Example](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/vue/basic-authentication/). This guide provides you with additional details, such as creating a signup button, protecting routes using different strategies, and using class components. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [Vue.js Authentication By Example](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/vue/basic-authentication/) guide for a deep dive into implementing user authentication in Vue. This guide provides additional details on how to create a sign-up button, add route guards, and call a protected API from Vue.
```

> :::

Reviewer 3: Should we drop the anchor here?

Author: ^ this is a good question. I feel like the note would work here or before the QS requirements. What do you think?

Reviewer 3: I am not sure what you mean, the note is about adding user authentication, yet then links to `#integrate-vue-js-with-an-api-server/`, that isn't about user authentication. Is there any reason not to have it the same as with react for example, and have it point to https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/vue/basic-authentication ?

Author: Apologies, I misunderstood. I thought you meant at this place in the article.
